# final_project_java
This project program is called “FaToTab e- Marketing Management System”, this system  helps work with farms and food hubs all in one place. Maintaining existing managing relationships, discovering and creating new ones, and bringing the efficiency of online systems to  local food sourcing.

Farmer's E-market is an internet shopping site where purchasers can purchase farm goods straightforwardly from farmers. Different sorts of vegetables are accessible to buy at dependable costs. Farmers' market essentially centers around easy-to-understand interfaces and elevates clients to buy items quicker. 
Farming is the Prime Occupation in the provinces of Cebu; despite this, today, the people involved in farming belong to the lower class and are in deep poverty. Issues like regular disasters, tempests and floods, absence of government backing, and low benefit of reaped crops obstruct our ranchers from being steady. Without proper marketing facilities, the farmers must depend on local traders and intermediaries to dispose of their farm products sold at throw-away prices. 

Each business needs quality cycles to build proficiency and efficiency in problematic ongoing situations. They are Robotizing, a manual,  tedious, and dreary task to smooth out the working of an association since the current framework takes additional time and labor force to handle. Remembering this business theory, we propose FaToTab (Farm To Table) Farmer's e-market. Considering the above situation looked at by farmers, we have planned this program so farmers can showcase their items without including middle people or any outsiders. Our framework will manage all parts of the farmer's items. FaToTab (Farm To Table), Farmer’s e-Market, will serve as a way for the farmers to sell their products nearby and across the country with basic knowledge about how to use the application system.
